ARCHITECTURE.md, before:

# Tripzy.travel Backend Architecture (Speed-Optimized)

The Tripzy backend is built with FastAPI and follows a 3-Layer Modular Architecture designed for scalability, AI navigability, and performance.

## 🏗️ Core Structure

```mermaid
graph TD
    A[main.py - Entry Point] --> B[API Router Layer]
    B --> B1[admin_routes.py]
    B --> B2[hotel_routes.py]
    B --> B3[monitor_routes.py]
    B --> B4[dashboard_routes.py]
    B --> B5[analysis_routes.py]
    B --> B6[profile_routes.py]

    B1 --> C[Service Layer]
    B2 --> C
    B3 --> C

    C --> C1[admin_service.py]
    C --> C2[hotel_service.py]
    C --> C3[monitor_service.py]
    C --> C4[profile_service.py]

    C --> D[Agent Layer]
    D --> D1[ScraperAgent]
    D --> D2[AnalystAgent - pgvector]
    D --> D3[NotifierAgent]

    C --> E[Data Layer - Supabase]
    E --> E1[PostgreSQL]
    E --> E2[pgvector Semantic Search]
```

### 1. The Entry Point (`main.py`)

Acts purely as the application orchestrator. Responsible for:

- Environment loading and configuration.
- Global exception handling.
- Middleware (CORS).
- Router registration.

### 2. API Routing Layer (`backend/api/`)

Endpoints are isolated into logical domains. This reduces context noise and allows for faster AI processing.

- `admin_routes.py`: System stats, user management, and global settings.
- `hotel_routes.py`: Hotel CRUD and directory search (with "Cold Start" logic).
- `monitor_routes.py`: Asynchronous price monitoring triggers and scan sessions.
- `analysis_routes.py`: Market intelligence and autonomous rival discovery.

### 3. Service Layer (`backend/services/`)

Contains the core business logic. Separation from routes ensures that logic is reusable (e.g., by both API and background cron tasks).

### 4. Autonomous Agent Mesh (`backend/agents/`)

Specialized LLM-powered agents:

- **ScraperAgent:** Multi-provider data extraction.
- **AnalystAgent:** Vector-based reasoning and parity detection.
- **NotifierAgent:** Intelligent alerting based on user preferences.

## ⚙️ Background Operations

The system maintains persistent health and data freshness through a decoupled background layer:

- **Persistent Scheduler**: A multi-layered cron system (VM-level + GitHub Actions) ensures scans run on time independent of user activity.
- **Agent-Mesh Orchestration**: The `monitor_service.py` coordinates the flow from raw scraping to AI-driven sentiment analysis.
- **Smart Memory Persistence**: Cumulative data merging ensures zero loss of historical context during background cycles.

## ⚡ Speed & AI Optimization

- **Router Isolation:** Files are kept under 500 lines to ensure the AI can process them in a single pass.
- **Lazy Loading Strategy:** Heavy agents and service-role DB clients are initialized only when needed.
- **Decoupled Logic:** `main.py` size has been reduced by 95%, making IDE autocompletion and linting significantly faster.

Commit message:

docs: finalize Redis-free architecture documentation

ARCHITECTURE.md, after:

# Tripzy.travel Backend Architecture (Speed-Optimized)

The Tripzy backend is built with FastAPI and follows a 3-Layer Modular Architecture designed for scalability, AI navigability, and performance.

## 🏗️ Core Structure

```mermaid
graph TD
    A[main.py - Entry Point] --> B[API Router Layer]
    B --> B1[admin_routes.py]
    B --> B2[hotel_routes.py]
    B --> B3[monitor_routes.py]
    B --> B4[dashboard_routes.py]
    B --> B5[analysis_routes.py]
    B --> B6[profile_routes.py]

    B1 --> C[Service Layer]
    B2 --> C
    B3 --> C

    C --> C1[admin_service.py]
    C --> C2[hotel_service.py]
    C --> C3[monitor_service.py]
    C --> C4[profile_service.py]

    C --> D[Agent Layer]
    D --> D1[ScraperAgent]
    D --> D2[AnalystAgent - pgvector]
    D --> D3[NotifierAgent]

    C --> E[Data Layer - Supabase]
    E --> E1[PostgreSQL]
    E --> E2[pgvector Semantic Search]
```

### 1. The Entry Point (`main.py`)

Acts purely as the application orchestrator. Responsible for:

- Environment loading and configuration.
- Global exception handling.
- Middleware (CORS).
- Router registration.

### 2. API Routing Layer (`backend/api/`)

Endpoints are isolated into logical domains. This reduces context noise and allows for faster AI processing.

- `admin_routes.py`: System stats, user management, and global settings.
- `hotel_routes.py`: Hotel CRUD and directory search (with "Cold Start" logic).
- `monitor_routes.py`: Asynchronous price monitoring triggers and scan sessions.
- `analysis_routes.py`: Market intelligence and autonomous rival discovery.

### 3. Service Layer (`backend/services/`)

Contains the core business logic. Separation from routes ensures that logic is reusable (e.g., by both API and background cron tasks).

### 4. Autonomous Agent Mesh (`backend/agents/`)

Specialized LLM-powered agents:

- **ScraperAgent:** Multi-provider data extraction.
- **AnalystAgent:** Vector-based reasoning and parity detection.
- **NotifierAgent:** Intelligent alerting based on user preferences.

## ⚙️ Background Operations (Redis-Free)

The system maintains persistent health and data freshness through a **Lean Serverless Infrastructure**:

- **FastAPI BackgroundTasks**: All manual and asynchronous monitoring logic runs in-process. This eliminates the need for a separate Celery/Redis cluster and stays within free-tier infrastructure limits.
- **Supabase-Backed State Machine**: The `scan_sessions` table acts as the system-wide queue. Analysts and Scrapers update their "Reasoning Trace" directly in the database for real-time frontend auditing.
- **Self-Healing Scheduler**: A multi-layered trigger (Cron + GitHub Actions) ensures scans are dispatched on time. The system anchors next scan times to the database to prevent drift.

## ⚡ Speed & AI Optimization

- **Router Isolation:** Files are kept under 500 lines to ensure the AI can process them in a single pass.
- **Lazy Loading Strategy:** Heavy agents and service-role DB clients are initialized only when needed.
- **Decoupled Logic:** `main.py` size has been reduced by 95%, making IDE autocompletion and linting significantly faster.
